this is the new 2011 Cascadia to 2010
emission 50 state certified 560
horsepower DD 15 1850 Cruz foot-pounds
Jake brake 13 speed rosewood - 16 chrome
gauges am/fm CD air conditioner
power windows and power door locks tilt
and telescope steering so 70 inch raised
roof sleeper
dual bunks refrigerator right hand
sleeper door
it's got dual layered seats
they're heated with swivel bases and
dual armrests
all aluminum wheels with 3.42
low-profile Michelin tires
[Applause]
tandem axle
with air-ride suspension
Fontaine air slide fifth wheel
[Applause]
right hand vertical exhaust
Dule 140 gallon fuel tanks
[Applause]
240 inch wheelbase
painted wraparound bumper
[Applause]
pain advisor with accent lots
ratio is 3.58 3.42 I'm sorry gross
vehicle weight is 80,000 pounds if
you're interested call Smoky Mountain
Truck Center at forty three three four
nine three thousand